---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "vcda_cloud_health Data Source - terraform-provider-for-vmware-cloud-director-availability"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  VMware Cloud Director Availability Cloud Health data source.
---

# vcda_cloud_health (Data Source)

The cloud health data source obtains the current health info of an already deployed Cloud Director Replication
Management Appliance.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "vcda_cloud_health" "cloud_health" {
  service_cert = data.vcda_service_cert.cloud_service_cert.id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->

### Required

- `service_cert` (String)  The certificate of the Cloud Director Replication Manager Service.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The health info task ID.
- `product_name` (String) The product name of the Cloud Director Replication Manager Service.
- `build_version` (String) The build version of the Cloud Director Replication Manager Service.
- `build_date` (String) The build date of the Cloud Director Replication Manager Service.
- `instance_id` (String) The instance ID of the Cloud Director Replication Manager Service.
- `runtime_id` (String) The runtime ID of the Cloud Director Replication Manager Service.
- `current_time` (Number) The current time of the Cloud Director Replication Manager Service.
- `address` (String) The address of the Cloud Director Replication Manager Service.
- `service_boot_timestamp` (Number) The service boot timestamp of the Cloud Director Replication Manager Service.
- `appliance_boot_timestamp` (Number) The appliance boot timestamp of the Cloud Director Replication Manager Service.
- `disk_usage` (Map) The disk usage of the Cloud Director Replication Manager Service.
- `vcd_error_code` (String) The VCD error code of the Cloud Director Replication Manager Service.
- `vcd_error_msg` (String) The VCD error message of the Cloud Director Replication Manager Service.
- `vcd_error_args` (List) The VCD error arguments of the Cloud Director Replication Manager Service.
- `vcd_error_stacktrace` (String) The VCD error stacktrace of the Cloud Director Replication Manager Service.
- `manager_error_code` (String) The cloud manager error code of the Cloud Director Replication Manager Service.
- `manager_error_msg` (String) The cloud manager error message of the Cloud Director Replication Manager Service.
- `manager_error_args` (List) The cloud manager error arguments of the Cloud Director Replication Manager Service.
- `manager_error_stacktrace` (String) The cloud manager error stacktrace of the Cloud Director Replication Manager
  Service.
- `ls_error_code` (String) The lookup service error code of the Cloud Director Replication Manager Service.
- `ls_error_msg` (String) The lookup service error message of the Cloud Director Replication Manager Service.
- `ls_error_args` (List) The lookup service error arguments of the Cloud Director Replication Manager Service.
- `ls_error_stacktrace` (String) The lookup service error stacktrace of the Cloud Director Replication Manager Service.
- `db_error_code` (String) The database error code of the Cloud Director Replication Manager Service.
- `db_error_msg` (String) The database error message of the Cloud Director Replication Manager Service.
- `db_error_args` (List) The database error arguments of the Cloud Director Replication Manager Service.
- `db_error_stacktrace` (String) The database error stacktrace of the Cloud Director Replication Manager Service.
- `ntp_error_code` (String) The NTP error code of the Cloud Director Replication Manager Service.
- `ntp_error_msg` (String) The NTP error message of the Cloud Director Replication Manager Service.
- `ntp_error_args` (List) The NTP error arguments of the Cloud Director Replication Manager Service.
- `ntp_error_stacktrace` (String) The NTP error stacktrace of the Cloud Director Replication Manager Service.
- `tunnels_ids` (List) A list of the tunnels IDs of the Cloud Director Replication Manager Service.
- `manager_id` (String) The cloud manager ID of the Cloud Director Replication Manager Service.