---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "vcda_replicator_health Data Source - terraform-provider-for-vmware-cloud-director-availability"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  VMware Cloud Director Availability Replicator Health data source.
---

# vcda_replicator_health (Data Source)

The replicator health data source obtains the current health info of a replicator service of Cloud Director/vCenter
Replication Manager.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "vcda_replicator_health" "replicator_health" {
  service_cert  = data.vcda_service_cert.manager_service_cert.id
  replicator_id = data.vcda_manager_health.manager_health.local_replicators_ids[0]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->

### Required

- `service_cert` (String)  The certificate of the Cloud Director/vCenter Replication Manager Service.
- `replicator_id` (String)  The replicator service instance ID.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The health info task ID.
- `product_name` (String) The product name of the Replicator Service.
- `build_version` (String) The build version of the Replicator Service.
- `build_date` (String) The build date of the Replicator Service.
- `instance_id` (String) The instance ID of the Replicator Service.
- `runtime_id` (String) The runtime ID of the Replicator Service.
- `current_time` (Number) The current time of the Replicator Service.
- `address` (String) The address of the Replicator Service.
- `service_boot_timestamp` (Number) The service boot timestamp of the Replicator Service.
- `appliance_boot_timestamp` (Number) The appliance boot timestamp of the Replicator Service.
- `disk_usage` (Map) The disk usage of the Replicator Service.
- `lwd_error_code` (String) The LWD error code of the Replicator Service.
- `lwd_error_msg` (String) The LWD error message of the Replicator Service.
- `lwd_error_args` (List) The LWD error arguments of the Replicator Service.
- `lwd_error_stacktrace` (String) The LWD error stacktrace of the Replicator Service.
- `hbr_error_code` (String) The HBR error code of the Replicator Service.
- `hbr_error_msg` (String) The HBR error message of the Replicator Service.
- `hbr_error_args` (List) The HBR error arguments of the Replicator Service.
- `hbr_error_stacktrace` (String) The HBR error stacktrace of the Replicator Service.
- `h4dm_error_code` (String) The H4DM error code of the Replicator Service.
- `h4dm_error_msg` (String) The H4DM error message of the Replicator Service.
- `h4dm_error_args` (List) The H4DM error arguments of the Replicator Service.
- `h4dm_error_stacktrace` (String) The H4DM error stacktrace of the Replicator Service.
- `ls_error_code` (String) The lookup service error code of the Replicator Service.
- `ls_error_msg` (String) The lookup service error message of the Replicator Service.
- `ls_error_args` (List) The lookup service error arguments of the Replicator Service.
- `ls_error_stacktrace` (String) The lookup service error stacktrace of the Replicator Service.
- `db_error_code` (String) The database error code of the Replicator Service.
- `db_error_msg` (String) The database error message of the Replicator Service.
- `db_error_args` (List) The database error arguments of the Replicator Service.
- `db_error_stacktrace` (String) The database error stacktrace of the Replicator Service.
- `ntp_error_code` (String) The NTP error code of the Replicator Service.
- `ntp_error_msg` (String) The NTP error message of the Replicator Service.
- `ntp_error_args` (List) The NTP error arguments of the Replicator Service.
- `ntp_error_stacktrace` (String) The NTP error stacktrace of the Replicator Service.
- `offline_managers_ids` (List) A list of the offline managers IDs of the Replicator Service.
- `online_managers_ids` (List) A list of the online managers IDs of the Replicator Service.