---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "vcda_tunnel_connectivity Data Source - terraform-provider-for-vmware-cloud-director-availability"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  VMware Cloud Director Availability Tunnel Connectivity data source.
---

# vcda_tunnel_connectivity (Data Source)

The tunnel connectivity data source obtains the current health info of a tunnel service of Cloud Director/vCenter
Replication Manager.

## Example Usage

### Tunnel connectivity of an already deployed/configured Cloud Director Replication Management Appliance

```terraform
data "vcda_tunnel_connectivity" "tunnel_connectivity" {
  service_cert = data.vcda_service_cert.cloud_service_cert.id
  tunnel_id    = data.vcda_cloud_health.cloud_health.tunnels_ids[0]
}
```

### Tunnel connectivity of an already deployed/configured vCenter Replication Management Appliance

```terraform
data "vcda_tunnel_connectivity" "tunnel_connectivity" {
  service_cert = data.vcda_service_cert.manager_service_cert.id
  tunnel_id    = data.vcda_manager_health.manager_health.tunnels_ids[0]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->

### Required

- `service_cert` (String)  The certificate of the Cloud Director/vCenter Replication Manager Service.
- `tunnel_id` (String)  The tunnel service ID. Can be obtained from `tunnels_ids` field of either
  the `vcda_cloud_health` or
  `vcda_manager_health` data source depending on the use case.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The health info task ID of the Cloud Director/vCenter Replication Manager Service.
- `tunnel_service` (String) The ID, URL and certificate of the Tunnel Service.
- `tunnel_service_error_code` (String) The tunnel service error code of the Tunnel Service.
- `tunnel_service_error_msg` (String) The tunnel service error message of the Tunnel Service.
- `tunnel_service_error_args` (List) The tunnel service error arguments of the Tunnel Service.
- `tunnel_service_error_stacktrace` (String) The tunnel service error stacktrace of the Tunnel Service.