---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "VMware Cloud Director Availability Provider"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The Terraform Provider for VMware Cloud Director Availability
---

# VMware Cloud Director Availability Provider

The VMware Cloud Director Availability provider can be used to perform initial configuration of either of the two
appliance roles:

* Cloud Director Replication Management Appliance
* vCenter Replication Management Appliance

The initial configuration includes changing the initial password of the **root** user of the appliance, adding external
Replicator Service instances and configuring the Tunnel Service.

Since VCDA Terraform Provider v2.0.0, the provider supports one-step pairing of either a Cloud Director Replication Management Appliance to an already configured
Cloud Director Replication Management Appliance, or vCenter Replication Management Appliance to an already configured vCenter Replication Management Appliance.

Note: The provider must be configured with the correct credentials and inputs before it can be used.

* For more information,
  see [VMware Cloud Director Availability Product Page](https://www.vmware.com/products/cloud-director-availability.html).
* For information about the documentation,
  see [VMware Cloud Director Availability Documentation](https://docs.vmware.com/en/VMware-Cloud-Director-Availability/index.html).

## Supported Versions

The VCDA Terraform provider v1.0.0 supports the following versions of VMware Cloud Director Availability:

* [Version 4.5](https://docs.vmware.com/en/VMware-Cloud-Director-Availability/4.5/rn/vmware-cloud-director-availability-45-release-notes/index.html)
* [Version 4.5.0.1](https://docs.vmware.com/en/VMware-Cloud-Director-Availability/4.5.0.1/rn/vmware-cloud-director-availability-4501-release-notes/index.html)

The VCDA Terraform provider v2.0.0 supports the following versions of VMware Cloud Director Availability:
* [Version 4.6](https://docs.vmware.com/en/VMware-Cloud-Director-Availability/4.6/rn/vmware-cloud-director-availability-46-release-notes/index.html)

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "vcda" {
  vcda_ip        = var.cloud_appliance_management_ip
  local_user     = var.local_user
  local_password = var.local_password

  vsphere_user                 = var.vsphere_user
  vsphere_password             = var.vsphere_password
  vsphere_server               = var.vsphere_server
  vsphere_allow_unverified_ssl = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->

## Schema

### Required

- `vcda_ip` (String) The IP address of either the Cloud Director Replication Management Appliance or the vCenter
  Replication Management Appliance.
- `local_user` (String) The local user of the appliance.
- `local_password` (String) The local password of the appliance.
- `vsphere_user` (String) The user name for performing vSphere API operations.
- `vsphere_password` (String) The password of the user for performing vSphere API operations.
- `vsphere_server` (String) The vSphere server name for performing vSphere API operations.

### Optional

- `vsphere_allow_unverified_ssl` (Boolean) When set, the vSphere client establishes an insecure TLS connection
  without performing certificate validations.
