---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "vcda_cloud_director_replication_manager Resource - terraform-provider-for-vmware-cloud-director-availability"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  VMware Cloud Director Availability Cloud Director Replication Manager resource.
---

# vcda_cloud_director_replication_manager (Resource)

The Cloud Director Replication Manager resource performs the initial configuration of a pre-deployed
Cloud Director Replication Management Appliance.

Note: As a prerequisite, changing the initial password of the  **root** user of the appliance must already be performed
beforehand.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "vcda_cloud_director_replication_manager" "cloud_site" {
  service_cert              = data.vcda_service_cert.cloud_service_cert.service_cert
  lookup_service_thumbprint = data.vcda_remote_services_thumbprint.ls_thumbprint.id
  vcd_thumbprint            = data.vcda_remote_services_thumbprint.vcd_thumbprint.id

  license_key      = var.license_key
  site_name        = var.site_name
  site_description = var.site_description

  public_endpoint_address = "vcda.pub"
  public_endpoint_port    = 443

  vcd_username = var.vcd_username
  vcd_password = var.vcd_password
  vcd_url      = var.vcd_url

  lookup_service_url = var.lookup_service_url
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->

## Schema

### Required

- `license_key` (String) The license key for VMware Cloud Director Availability.
- `site_name` (String) The site name of the Cloud Director Replication Manager.
- `public_endpoint_address` (String) The public API endpoint address.
- `public_endpoint_port` (Number) The public API endpoint port.
- `vcd_username` (String) Cloud Director user name.
- `vcd_password` (String) Cloud Director password.
- `vcd_url` (String) This is the URL for the Cloud Director API endpoint. For example, https://server.domain.com/api.
- `lookup_service_url` (String) The URL of the vCenter Server Lookup service. For
  example, https://server.domain.com/lookupservice/sdk.
- `service_cert` (String)  The certificate of the Cloud Director Replication Manager Service.
- `lookup_service_thumbprint` (String) The thumbprint of the vCenter Server Lookup service. It can either be computed
  from the `vcda_remote_services_thumbprint` data source or provided directly as a SHA-256 fingerprint.
- `vcd_thumbprint` (String) The thumbprint of the Cloud Director service. It can either be computed from
  the `vcda_remote_services_thumbprint` data source or provided directly as a SHA-256 fingerprint.

### Optional

- `site_description` (String) The site description of the Cloud Director Replication Manager.

### Read-Only

- `api_address` (String) Effective endpoint API address.
- `api_port` (Number) Effective endpoint API port.
- `api_public_address` (String) Effective endpoint API public address.
- `api_public_port` (Number) Effective endpoint API public port.
- `expiration_date` (Number) VMware Cloud Director Availability license expiration date.
- `id` (String) The ID of the Cloud Director Replication Manager service/site.
- `is_combined` (Boolean) Flag indicating whether the appliance role is Cloud Director Combined Appliance.
- `is_licensed` (Boolean) Flag indicating whether the solution is licensed.
- `local_site` (String) Cloud Director Replication Manager local site name.
- `local_site_description` (String) Cloud Director Replication Manager local site description.
- `ls_thumbprint` (String) SHA-256 vCenter Server Lookup service thumbprint.
- `ls_url` (String) The URL of the vCenter Server Lookup service.
- `mgmt_address` (String) Effective endpoint management address.
- `mgmt_port` (Number) Effective endpoint management port.
- `mgmt_public_address` (String) Effective endpoint management public address.
- `mgmt_public_port` (Number) Effective endpoint management public port.
- `tunnel_certificate` (String) Tunnel Service certificate.
- `tunnel_url` (String) Tunnel Service URL.
- `vcloud_thumbprint` (String) Cloud Director thumbprint.
- `vcloud_url` (String) Cloud Director URL.
- `vcloud_username` (String) Cloud Director user name.
