---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "vcda_appliance_password Resource - terraform-provider-for-vmware-cloud-director-availability"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  VMware Cloud Director Availability appliance password resource.
---

# vcda_appliance_password (Resource)

The appliance password resource changes the current **root** user password of the appliance with the new one that is
provided.
This can be achieved either through the `new_password` field or through the `password file` field - a password text file
that contains the new password.

The advantage of using a file for the new password is that the user has control over the security of the password. Also,
by using a password file, the new password is not present in plain text in the state file.

Note: The password file is considered sensitive data and it is up to the user to secure it and make sure the password
file could not leak in public resources.

## Example Usage

### Change password trough `new_password` field

```terraform
resource "vcda_appliance_password" "cloud_appliance_password" {
  current_password = var.current_password
  new_password     = var.new_password

  appliance_ip = var.cloud_appliance_management_ip
  service_cert = data.vcda_service_cert.cloud_service_cert.service_cert
}
```

### Change password through `password_file` field

```terraform
resource "vcda_appliance_password" "cloud_appliance_password" {
  current_password = var.current_password
  password_file    = "vcda-password.txt"
  appliance_ip     = var.cloud_appliance_management_ip
  service_cert     = data.vcda_service_cert.cloud_service_cert.service_cert
}
```

Note: Change the file name of the password to trigger a terraform update.


<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->

## Schema

### Required

- `appliance_ip` (String) The IP address of the appliance.
- `service_cert` (String) The service certificate.

### Optional

- `current_password` (String, Sensitive) The current password of the appliance.
- `new_password` (String, Sensitive) The new password of the appliance. Note: This value is never returned on read. On
  creation, include either `new_password`
  or `password_file`.
- `password_file` (String) The name of a file containing the appliance password. On creation, include
  either `password_file` or `new_password`.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The timestamp ID of this resource.
- `root_password_expired` (Boolean) Flag indicating whether the **root** user password is already expired.
- `seconds_until_expiration` (Number) Seconds until the **root** user password expires.
