---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "vcda_pair_site Resource - terraform-provider-for-vmware-cloud-director-availability"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  VMware Cloud Director Availability Pair Site resource.
---

# vcda_pair_site (Resource)

The Pair Site resource performs one-step pairing of either:

- a Cloud Director Replication Management Appliance to an already configured
  Cloud Director Replication Management Appliance, or

- a vCenter Replication Management Appliance to an already configured vCenter Replication Management Appliance.

## Example Usage

### Pair Cloud Director Replication Management Appliance to an already configured Cloud Director Replication Management Appliance

```terraform
resource "vcda_pair_site" "pair_cloud_site" {
  api_url             = var.cloud_site_endpoint
  pairing_description = "pair cloud site"
  site                = var.cloud_site_name
  
  service_cert        = data.vcda_service_cert.cloud_service_cert.id
  api_thumbprint      = data.vcda_remote_services_thumbprint.cloud_site_thumbprint.id
}
```

### Pair vCenter Replication Management Appliance to an already configured vCenter Replication Management Appliance

```terraform
resource "vcda_pair_site" "pair_manager_site" {
  api_url             = var.manager_site_endpoint
  pairing_description = "pair manager site"
  
  service_cert        = data.vcda_service_cert.manager_service_cert.id
  api_thumbprint      = data.vcda_remote_services_thumbprint.manager_site_thumbprint.id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->

## Schema

### Required

- `api_thumbprint` (String) The thumbprint of the to-be paired Cloud Director/vCenter Replication Management Appliance.
  It can either be computed from
  the `vcda_remote_services_thumbprint` data source or provided directly as a SHA-256 fingerprint.
- `api_url` (String) The API URL address/endpoint of the to-be paired Cloud Director/vCenter Replication Management
  Appliance.
- `service_cert` (String) The certificate of the Cloud Director/vCenter Replication Management Appliance.

### Optional

- `pairing_description` (String) The description of the pairing.
- `site` (String) The site name of the to-be paired Cloud Director Replication Management Appliance.
  Only required for pairing a Cloud Director Replication Management Appliance to another Cloud Director Replication
  Management Appliance.

### Read-Only

- `site_id` (String) The site ID of the paired vCenter Replication Management Appliance. Computed only for pairing a
  vCenter Replication Management Appliance to another vCenter Replication Management Appliance.
- `site_name` (String) The site name of the paired Cloud Director/vCenter Replication Management Appliance.
- `site_description` (String) The site description of the paired Cloud Director/vCenter Replication Management
  Appliance.
- `api_public_url` (Boolean) The public API URL address of the paired Cloud Director/vCenter Replication Management
  Appliance.
- `api_version` (String) The API version of the paired Cloud Director/vCenter Replication Management Appliance.
- `build_version` (String) The build version of the paired Cloud Director Replication Management Appliance. Computed
  only for pairing a Cloud Director Replication Management Appliance to another Cloud Director Replication Management
  Appliance.
- `is_provider_deployment` (String) A flag that indicates whether the paired vCenter Replication Management Appliance is
  of type provider. Computed only for pairing a vCenter Replication Management Appliance to another vCenter Replication
  Management Appliance.
