---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "vcda_vcenter_replication_manager Resource - terraform-provider-for-vmware-cloud-director-availability"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  VMware Cloud Director Availability vCenter Replication Manager resource.
---

# vcda_vcenter_replication_manager (Resource)

The vCenter Replication Manager resource performs the initial configuration of a pre-deployed vCenter Replication
Management Appliance.

Note: As a prerequisite, changing the initial password of the  **root** user of the appliance must already be performed
beforehand.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "vcda_vcenter_replication_manager" "manager_site" {
  service_cert              = data.vcda_service_cert.manager_service_cert.service_cert
  lookup_service_thumbprint = data.vcda_remote_services_thumbprint.ls_thumbprint.id

  license_key        = var.license_key
  site_name          = var.site_name
  lookup_service_url = var.lookup_service_url
  sso_user           = var.replicator_sso_user
  sso_password       = var.replicator_sso_password
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->

## Schema

### Required

- `license_key` (String) The license key of VMware Cloud Director Availability.
- `site_name` (String) The site name of the vCenter Replication Manager.
- `lookup_service_url` (String) The URL of the vCenter Server Lookup service. For
  example, https://server.domain.com/lookupservice/sdk.
- `sso_user` (String) The user name of a single sign-on (SSO) administrator.
- `sso_password` (String) The password of the SSO administrator.
- `service_cert` (String) The service certificate of the vCenter Replication Manager.
- `lookup_service_thumbprint` (String) The thumbprint of the vCenter Server Lookup service. It can either be computed
  from the `vcda_remote_services_thumbprint` data source or provided directly as a SHA-256 fingerprint.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of the vCenter Replication Manager service.
- `expiration_date` (Number) The expiration date of the license.
- `is_licensed` (Boolean) Flag indicating whether the service is licensed.
- `ls_thumbprint` (String) The thumbprint of the vCenter Server Lookup service.
- `ls_url` (String) The URL of the vCenter Server Lookup service.
- `site` (String) The site name of the vCenter Replication Manager.
- `tunnel_certificate` (String) The certificate of the Tunnel Service.
- `tunnel_url` (String) The URL of the Tunnel Service.
- `vsphere_plugin_status` (String) The status of the Vsphere Plugin.
