---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "vcda_replicator Resource - terraform-provider-for-vmware-cloud-director-availability"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  VMware Cloud Director Availability Replicator resource.
---

# vcda_replicator (Resource)

The Replicator resource configures the Replicator Appliance with the vCenter Server Lookup service and adds the
Replicator Service
to an already configured Cloud Director Replication Management Appliance or vCenter Replication Management Appliance.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "vcda_replicator" "add_replicator" {
  lookup_service_url = var.replicator_lookup_service_url
  api_url            = var.replicator_url
  sso_user           = var.replicator_sso_user
  sso_password       = var.replicator_sso_password
  root_password      = var.replicator_root_password
  owner              = var.replicator_owner
  site_name          = var.site_name

  api_thumbprint            = data.vcda_remote_services_thumbprint.replicator_thumbprint.id
  service_cert              = data.vcda_service_cert.manager_service_cert.service_cert
  lookup_service_thumbprint = data.vcda_remote_services_thumbprint.ls_thumbprint.id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->

## Schema

### Required

- `lookup_service_url` (String) The URL of the vCenter Server Lookup service. For
  example, https://server.domain.com/lookupservice/sdk.
- `api_url` (String) The URL of the Replicator Service API.
- `sso_user` (String) The single sign-on (SSO) user for the Replicator Service.
- `sso_password` (String) The password of the SSO user for the Replicator Service.
- `root_password` (String) The **root** user password of the Replicator Appliance.
- `owner` (String) The owner of the Replicator Service.
- `site_name` (String) The site name of the Manager Service.
- `api_thumbprint` (String) The thumbprint of the Replicator Service API. It can either be computed from
  the `vcda_remote_services_thumbprint` data source or provided directly as a SHA-256 fingerprint.
- `service_cert` (String) The certificate of the Replicator Service.
- `lookup_service_thumbprint` (String) The thumbprint of the vCenter Server Lookup service. It can either be computed
  from the `vcda_remote_services_thumbprint` data source or provided directly as a SHA-256 fingerprint.

### Optional

- `description` (String) The description for the Replicator Service.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of the Replicator Service instance.
- `build_version` (String) The build version of the Replicator Service.
- `data_address` (String) The data address of the Replicator Service.
- `is_in_maintenance_mode` (Boolean) Flag indicating whether the Replicator Service is placed in maintenance mode.
- `replicator_ls_thumbprint` (String) The vCenter Server Lookup service thumbprint of the Replicator Service.
- `replicator_ls_url` (String) The vCenter Server Lookup service URL of the Replicator Service.
